 Okay. Now that we got, um, the website working well, I want to show you how to access the database. Um, and there's a few different ways we can do that. So if you look over here, um, I, uh, when I was creating the database, um, there was a file that was created called database access guide. Okay. Um, and when you click on it, it gives you this information says how to access the database. You have three different ways to access your database. Method one is through the admin web panel. This is the easiest. I'll show you that. And then the second way is the Python interactive shell. And I'm going to show you that here as well. There's three different ways. The third way is actually through the SQLite database browser, but it requires some additional steps. We're not going to deal with that. You can go ahead and go through those steps if you want but we're just going to do the first two. Now let me show you the first one. So let me do Python web sql.py I always do that Python I'm going to do web app sql.py okay so we'll get this pulled back up this website and I will show you how to access the database to the website okay so here's this we're gonna go ahead and open okay here we go so I click on the admin login and I type in my admin, email, and password. The program I created just created this for me, and so you can just ask it what the login is, and it will give it to you. And then I'm going to go ahead and log in, and then you can see here that I have access to my dashboard. So one total user, which is me, one active user. Here's my recent conversation that I had. And then if I wanted to take some quick actions, I can export this to like a CSV or Excel file, the users, the conversation, or I can create a backup. So, but if I click on these up here, users, and I click on me, then there's my conversation history. Okay. And then if I go to conversations, I can say all conversations registers users only guest only um there's that analytics here's this analytics page i can go the last seven days the last 30 days the last 90 days um and it will give me that information then i can export those users conversations and then when i'm done i can just go ahead and log out and then i need to add a home button here but i can then just get rid of that go to the root the root site and takes me back to the student login so that's how i can do option number one now option number two is you need to create a new python file i called it the database query and then what you're doing is you're importing or from your web application sql we're going to import app, database, user, conversation. Okay. I'm importing all that into this little program. And then with the app.app context, I'm going to say my users are just going to be the user query and the convos is going to be my conversation query. And then I can say for users, tell me all the users. And then for conversation, print the conversations. So you can see down here this method too. I just copied what this had here and pasted it here. Well, I copied this and then I added the conversations and then if I wanted to, I could add account for the users and stuff like that. I could run different syntax to be able to get the information I want so here I'm just going to end that and then I'm going to do Python and my new my new code is database query and I'm going to go and press enter and then over here on the right it will pop up with the user which is my name or my email and my name and then it has my conversation because that's exactly what I asked it to give me as far as this database is concerned and so and to get these double screens I just split the screens and had that there so I'm just going to go ahead and close that don't need any more but both the two different ways in which you can access the data now that it's been migrated over to the database so yeah have fun with all that and let me know if you have any questions