•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 4: Command-Line Application Prototype
o	Overview: The challenge is to build a working command-line interface (CLI) prototype for the project you planned in the last module. The goal is to create a functional "in-memory" version of your application.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: You must produce a Python script that presents a clear, text-based menu of options to the user, including adding a new item, listing all added items, and exiting the program. The program must loop continuously, re-displaying the menu after an action is completed. The "add item" and "list items" functionalities must be in their own functions. All data must be stored in a single global variable (like a list or dictionary) for the duration of the program's execution.
Deliverables: A single Python script file (app.py or similar) containing your working CLI application.

 Okay, we are moving right along. Okay, so where we ended last week is we created this general overview. And then, I mean, part of that is having like the core features and then the data model, which is defining the structure of the data. So there's a little bit more to the general overview that is in the homework requirements that you wanna make sure that you add to that. Now we are getting to the point where we're gonna start building. So the first step that we're going to be doing here is we're going to be building a prototype of this program. And so the prototype is going to be run through a command line application. So if you remember back to when we did the calculator, we developed it and then we ran it within the command line of our development environment, our integrated development environment, the IDE. And so what we're going to be doing is the same thing, but we're going to be creating a command line prototype for our specific program. Okay, so the challenge here is to build a working command line interface prototype for the project that you planned in the last module. So we're going to create a functional in-memory version of your application. So basically saying that within the command line program, there'll be like a small working memory, nothing like a database, but it will have a little bit of a memory. Okay. So the technical requirements. So you've got to produce a Python script that presents a clear text-based menu of options to the user, including adding a new item, listing all the items, exiting the program. the program must loop continuously so you're for my example you're in the chat until you decide to end the chat and let's see yeah all data must be stored in a single global variable like a list or dictionary okay so those are the technical requirements so that's where we're going to start here in chunk one. So chunk one is command line interface application prototype. Okay so when it comes to this what we are going to want to do here for this chunk is we have the application prototype. So the first thing we want to do is let's list the goal okay the goal here is to create a working command line interface prototype of the student queue and a chat bot. Okay, that is a chat bot. I guess that's the goal. I don't think we need to go much further than that. Okay, Okay, I think that's good for now. Okay, so now what we wanna do is now say the tasks, okay? Tasks, or let's say what the CLI will be able to do. And so for this, let's go ahead and let's do a numbered list here. So I wanna go back to what the technical elements are. are. So one, we want a text-based user input chat, CLI chatbot, text-based user input challenge. We need to connect to an LLM API, maybe menstrual for, maybe menstrual. We can do for dynamic back and forth information, okay? A chatbot needs a corpus of data, so we need to upload or load a corpus of data that includes PDF, docs, um, why did PhD, PDF, uh, docs, um, MP4, um, yeah, that sounds good. loop a chat conversation with the student loop a conversation with the student keep the loop going until the user elects to exit. Okay. We need to every question and AI response needs to be stored in a, let's see, let's see, in a dictionary for the creation of the program. the how about this instead of every question every question and AI response has the option to list to add the item to in-memory storage and to list the items that have already been stored. looking like that it needs to be stored in a dictionary for the duration of the program okay so something along those lines right those are the tasks that this specific chunk is going to do okay so um that's what we're going to be doing here um let's see we want to discuss um Maybe some core files to create. We probably want to have like a file, requirements file. Yeah, and requirements file. Okay, that seems pretty good. okay um we need to uh we need to initialize a git repository and commit the program okay and then that looks pretty good so you might need a little bit more information but this is what you're going to start off with okay for your chunk one you're going to copy that and I might still so we have the overall so I might do this I might do something like this where I would copy all of the general overview and then chunk one that we're going to be building and I might have something like this I might say general instructions I am providing a general overview of the program I want to develop and I am going to then and I then going I then want to build it in a series of chunks to make sure the functionality is good I will always include the general overview followed by the chunk we will be working on then in subsequent iterations I will include all the previous information along with the new chunk. Okay, so that's kind of what I'm going to do there. Okay, so now I'm going to go ahead and open my IDE. we are working with cursor and so what I'm going to do here is while that's opening I'm going to open up a file here under cursor I'm going to create a new folder so I'm going to do new folder and then we're going to call this student Cue a chatbot, and then cursor is opening here. That's the AI calculator we did earlier. Let me go, let's open file, open a folder. And then here in cursor, we have student QA chat bot, select that folder. And then that's going to open here in a sec, I'm just going to close this, my file explorer has been a little bit whack. okay and then once this loads sorry my cpu is running high because i'm doing a recording and then i have all these applications open so everything goes a little bit slow um we'll get this going i should honestly be closing these programs as i am done with them we'll wait here for a second let this close and then there we go okay so now we have the student q a chatbot right here okay oh come on okay so what we're going to do is um we need to let me make this bigger um we're going to not do the new chat here we're going to go to our terminal Remember, we're doing our command line interface. And then when this pulls up, we will load our GitHub Copilot. Which I feel is going to take forever. Okay, there we are. So now I'm going to do Copilot. Now we'll load our GitHub Copilot. And then I'm going to go back to this. and I also want to in chunk one create a virtual environment and activate the virtual environment okay so I'm just going to go ahead and copy this. I obviously want to let's see the target audience here is going to be graduate students probably would want to go into more detail I'm just going to do this real quick and functional requirements for this closed program. Okay. There we go. So I'm just going, I'm going to keep it. I'm just going to get rid of this. Okay, there we go. All right. So what I'm going to do now is I am going to copy this, and I am going to go to my cursor, IDE, logged in here, okay. I'm just going to paste it. Okay, got that. Now I'm going to go ahead and press enter. And so this is what I have now I have the general overview I have core features what we're doing here's chunk one I have the instructions and we are going to go ahead and see I'm going to go ahead here and select yes to all of that because I just want it to develop and work for me and so now we're going to just let this um start working so and i do while this is going um so when you log in for when you sign up for github copilot um you're able to use it to help you with your coding and down here you have your remaining request 94.4 percent for claude sonnet 4.5 um you get even though you have the pro version it's not necessarily unlimited you have a certain amount of tokens that you can use throughout the month. And then after every month, it resets back to 100%. Okay. Yes. So here's some issues, right? So we have, it's creating all these things, creating requirement desk, da, da, da, da, da. There's two permission requests remaining. One, we need a minstrel API key. Okay. That we'll put here. um and then do you want to edit this approve file operations for the writing session so for my specific one a chat bot i need to connect to a large language model and so in order to do that i need to have um an api key so with uh your your google gemini um if you have a pro account there. You might even be able to have access to a free API. Anyway, you have to get your API code, okay? And so you'll need to get your API key here. This is something that you can Google, you can use AI to show you how to go about doing that. There's good value in kind of struggling through that process. And then once you have that, you'll need to have your API key. So I'm just gonna press for this I'm gonna do yes to all it's gonna start creating all of this stuff do you want to edit yes to all you want to edit yes to all and now it's gonna set up my CLI chat bot prototype and we'll kind of wait for that to get going and we should be able to move along there here shortly. So we'll just kind of wait for this to run and it will show you what's going on. Okay so while that is working I am going to show you, so it's already starting to work here, the virtual environment, and it's starting, there's the chat bot app, the git ignore, the readme file requirements text, okay, um yep let's do this git commit for the running um i'm actually going to i want to test it before i commit it um i'll commit it later i want to test it out first um okay so then it'll say great do you to install the dependencies yes let's go ahead and improve all those so now it'll do that so i just decided to not commit and push it right now because i want to do that a little bit later okay so now it's testing uh some chatbot stuff um anyway so what we're going to be doing every step or every week now is we're going to be adding to this okay so um next week we'll be going into chunk two and um and then we'll be able we'll start listing out what the goal is for chunk two what we're going to be doing um we're going to be talking about how we're going to be adjusting what we did on chunk one and then by the end of it, it will build, we'll have 10 chunks or however many and then we'll be able to put this in and it will build as we go and we can make adjustments as we see fit but we'll always be opening the same file. So that's basically what we have going on here. go ahead and let this build. I'm going to end the video since we're just a little bit over 20 minutes now. This will build out for you. The issue is sometimes it doesn't work right away. So you are going to have to then start troubleshooting with your AI to get this to work. Okay. So it looks like this worked pretty well. So then you should be able to, the chat will greet you, load any corpus files, start an interactive loop where you can ask Python questions, use save to store QA pairs, list to view them, and exit. So that's how it should work. What I'm going to do now is I'm going to get this going, get this working, so then we can get ready for the next step. So what's on you now is to be able to get it working in the command line. Okay, we will see you next time.