 Okay, let's go ahead and go into this week. So what I have pulled up is our document that is guiding the development of our application. So we have all of our chunks, we have the general overview, everything like that. So we are going on to our next chunk here. So let's go ahead and start this. Chunk seven. Now the whole purpose of this chunk is we are working with the database that we've created so the goal of this specific week is to is to update the program to implement crud in the database management okay um so uh currently our app supports um the create and read elements so i can create a new um a new database point so it could be like a new customer or a new student and I can read that information. This challenge that we're going to be dealing with today is implementing the remaining core data operations of update and delete. So our, let's say this, my program currently supports create and read functionality. I need to update it to also allow updating of data and deleting of data, okay? So that's what we are going to be doing here. um so let's see let's go ahead and take a look at the tasks then um so in order to do this tasks let's go ahead and give ourselves a list here um once again starting with two you want this to be one okay so our task in order to do this we need to include let's see include a dynamic route that displays a form that has existing data, add a mechanism to delete an item or to update an item so if someone put in like like if a user put in their information wrong. I want to be able to manually update it. Okay. And And then add function to merge accounts if necessary. So those are the tasks that I want to deal with. Let's see. I don't think I need any new files. Let's see if there's any additional information. additional information. I think what would be best here is I want to be able to do all this through the admin administration portal, not just the command line interface. Okay, I think that looks pretty good. Let's see. Let's go ahead and copy this chunk and then let's go ahead and open up This, okay Where is my Here we go, so we have our New chunk here Okay, so there's that. Let me go ahead and press Enter. Now, okay, it says it's reading all this. Now, I'll implement CRUD functionality for the admin panel, add edit routes for users and conversations, delete routes for users and conversations, merge account functionality, and templates for editing forms. Great, so it looks like it's doing everything that we needed it to do. okay do you want to edit this I'm going to do yes and I'm going to approve all of those for the rest of the session implementing CRUD operations okay so we're not going to let it go ahead and do its work and then once it updates then we'll open up the we'll open up the program and see how that functionality works okay so this one took a little while to get all of the crud functionality working so you can see what ended up happening all three tasks completed dynamic rows with form showing existing data updating delete mechanisms merge account function deliverables they created new files created it actually created nine so three new HTML templates the edit user the edit conversation emerge users and then six document files which it created like a guide to testing a quick start a reference so i'll show you kind of what those are files modified it modified the admin.py three admin templates added buttons and icons and then it also adjusted the readme updated the change log so one thing that you're going to notice is i have a lot of summaries here I have a lot of like quick start guides this is a lot right so eventually when we get to or towards the end of this end of this project I'm going to consolidate a lot of these and I'll show you how we'll do that when we get there so here's the key features that it added the safety and security elements that it added and the documentation provided so now it gives us a how to use and so there's I have this quick start guide that it created and so what it wants us to do is it wants us to start this off so let me go ahead and go here we're in the VNV which is good so I'm going to type out Python and then I'm going to do app sql.py we're going to start that okay so now we'll be able to run to run this okay so let's go ahead and open okay so the sites working what it looks like I'm gonna go to my admin login I saved my stuff here okay so we can now should be able to edit different things so we have users okay I can merge accounts here I can click on this now I can edit the user so if I said oh that's actually not his student ID I can do one two three four four five six seven eight that's actually what it is and I can save those changes and then you can see that changed here and then I can also delete the user here if I need to and we can then go back to conversations I can delete this conversation or I can edit it if I need to and then let's go back to users merge accounts if there was two Tyson Riscuses and you know I could merge those different accounts cannot be undone okay so and then the target user okay so that's kind of what you'd be doing I'm just going to cancel that so this looks like it's working really well okay so well I'm really happy with how this is so I'm going to go ahead and go to the student site and I think we'll put a pin in this one because I think we're we're done so let's see where'd it go there it is okay That's it.