•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 9: Bringing Your Data to the Web
o	Overview: The challenge is to create a dynamic web page that displays all the data from your persistent JSON file. You must use the Jinja2 templating engine to render the data into a clean, readable HTML structure.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: Your Flask application must be updated with a main route (e.g., / or /items) that handles GET requests. This route's function must read and parse all the data from your JSON file. The function must then pass the collection of data to a Jinja2 template for rendering. The Jinja2 template must use a for loop to iterate through the data collection and generate the necessary HTML to display the details of each item. (this allows your to customize the user experience by calling user data to populate an HTML page. Instead of writing 1000 html pages for each user, you write one page with Jinja 2 and it calls the specific user data from your database.)
o	Deliverables:
	Your updated Flask application script (web_app.py).
	Your templates folder, now containing the HTML file used to display the list of items.

 Okay, so I'm back right away. Let's see, so last time we did this gathering user data and then we also, while that was loading and kind of we're figuring that out, we typed out chunk number five. So I just want to review what we typed out for chunk number five, and then we'll go ahead and implement this portion. So in the last step, we gathered user data where there was a form that they had to fill out that looked um where is it oh i stopped the program um it looks like a purple form you put your name uh information and then any time that you um you have a chat it lists your information like what section who you are on the back end so that me the teacher i can have um information on what you're talking to the chatbot about, okay? So that's what we did last time. Now, what we're going to be doing this time is we want to create a custom user login experience. So as of right now, what's happening is when you go to the chat and you load the conversation, it's loading everyone's conversation, and we don't want that. We want to have more of a personalized user experience and so we want to fix that so you'll I think we'll replace the form with a login actually no maybe we'll keep the form so if you don't want to log in you don't have to but if you want to log in you can and have a more personalized experience so allow students create a login so I'm going to add something here that's new on this one we haven't done on the other and I think this will be important so we're going to do notes and then here we're going to put this let's just do it right here. I want to keep the form fill out before a user can chat. I want this in case they don't want to create a login and have a custom experience, but if they do want to log in they can click login on the form and it will then load their personal experience. Also right now when you load past conversations it loads everyone's conversations. Let's get rid of that feature and only have it available for logged in members. Okay, so we have the goal of allowing students to create a login that allows them to pick up from their last conversation. This would allow students to reflect or revisit previous chats and have the chatbot remember the user and elements they had questions on to make it more personal. Here's the different tasks. Create a login portal. Create a system for remembering. After a user logs in, I'd like to have the chatbot become personal by using their first name and greet them when they log in. There should be an area after they've logged in where they can access all their previous chats. So then we're going to be building this new template and then I gave these additional notes. Okay and I'm just going to, okay so now I'm going to copy this and then let's go back over to cursor and I am now going to pull up here and I'm going to press control V and I'm going to press enter and now we should be able to have this updated okay so as you can see right from the very beginning we had something that worked and now all these different iterations are making it more user friendly they're making it easier to access and they're just making it all around a better experience and so some of the stuff i just left um to the way that ai decided to write it and that's fine but um if you're doing this for business or you know for commercial usage you want to put more thought into the design and kind of the aesthetics of it right now it's it's fine and i'm okay with that for this demonstration um but yeah we'll kind of play around with that as it goes all right so it's creating these templates we know this takes a little while so we'll keep doing that in the meantime let's just review over our entire um program overview okay this is what we're building and this document is kind of a living and breathing document which is really good um so So yeah, so this is good. And then if we go back to cursor, let's just make sure that our README is updating. Yep, chunk 4. So that will update to chunk 5. We're done there. Cool. I like where this is going. Okay. Oh, one thing that we decided to use for this personalized history is right here, this Jinja. And this will allow for the login. Now let's update this, okay, update CSS, okay, it's adding the application, adding the web app, okay, that's good, update the history route, so I'm just kind of looking to see what it's doing, sometimes it's nice to see what's going on. now it's reading the git ignore editing it now it's going to update the readme which is what we're looking at here um okay let's take a look at the readme now it should be updated not yet it should be updated soon um comprehensive documentation file for chunk 5 oh that's going to be for the readme hasn't done that yet. Okay, so once that's done, we'll get going. So like I said, yeah, it's kind of good to kind of look and see what it's doing just to make sure it's going well. And then this one, just going to delete this, kill that, and then we're in our VNV here. So let's go back and check on this, see if it wants us to accept anything. Okay, so it's testing. Restart Flask. Yes. Okay, implementing the user login system. So a little bit of waiting here. So let's go ahead and check the readme now, should have added that, 5, chunk 4, 3, 2, 1, I don't see the chunk 5, later, server is running, let me create a quick reference guide for you, and then if after this is done, I don't see it in the readme, I'll just ask get to update the reading again so this one's doing a lot so it was taking a little bit while and that's okay we'll see how well it works there's gonna update the readme edit readme chunk 5 edit readme perfect now let me create one final summary okay that for a sec hopefully that's not gonna keep happening okay see these are the things implementation is fully functional ready for demonstration all four tasks for chunk five are completed so let's go ahead and go to that read me now and then let's take a look at chunk five so this is all the things that it did in chunk five created a login system implemented user authentication with password hashing um okay so this is actually interesting because this is um it did this automatically this is something that we were going to do in step I think 11. No, we're going to do it. Program security. We're going to do this in module 12, but we'll play around with this later. Maybe we'll try to come up with something a little bit more secure. Okay. So that looks pretty good to me. Should we try it out? Let's go here and then we're going to go python web app oops p y okay presenter and then we should be able to start this I'm just gonna wait for the starting of the chatbot okay let's give this a As a guest, don't have an account, create one here. Awesome. So let's just play around with this. What happens when I continue as a guest? It goes back to the student information form. Go back. Let's create one here. Enter your first name. Tyson Riscus. Okay. Create a password. Okay. Okay. Course selection. Optional. Say online. Spring semester. Create an account. Wonderful. Now if I click on chat history. Ah. I'm still loading the entire history. Creating flash applications. Save password sure Korean class application oh maybe it remembered me or like because I have the information that I put in earlier so let's just go to chat let's see. Talk to me about a2 and why it's important for creating a custom login, custom user experience okay so now it's kind of talking to me a little bit about this this is an example oh so what we're looking at last time where i had like the username login that was just an example um okay cool well i think i'm done with that so i'm going to go ahead and log out and I'm going to come back over here and let's go ahead and see what happened to our QA conversations there it is course section online okay there's all that and you notice that the last time I loaded the conversation it gave me this but it did not give me any of this information so it looks like it fixed that problem which is really good so this is becoming pretty good and um i'm happy with that so let's go ahead and stop this here and consider this assignment done so don't don't forget to look at all the other requirements for the assignment this gets it working but make sure you get your deliverables that are correct and um and everything like that okay oh and you're going to want to make sure that you commit this to your github as well so you can go here initialize repository and then publish it but i'm just going to do that probably later okay cool see ya