•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 7: "Hello, Web!" with Flask
o	Overview: This is your first step in transitioning from a command-line application to a web application. The challenge is to create and run a minimal but functional Flask web server.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: You must create a new Python script that imports the Flask class, creates an instance of a Flask application, and defines a single route for the root URL (/). When a user navigates to the root URL, the application must return a simple string or HTML response. The script must include the necessary code to run the Flask development server when the script is executed directly. (You are creating a temporary website to host your program.)
Deliverables: A new Python script file, web_app.py, containing your minimal Flask application.

 Okay, so at this point, we have a really nice working command line interface application prototype. It's working really well inside of my command line. I'm really happy with it. And there's not too much that I would change. So now I'm getting to the point where I'm saying, okay, I like how this is looking now. I'd like to start getting the process going for me to be able to let other people use this. um so in this one um i have the corpus of information i'm going to add some of that um as we uh go on a little bit further in the course i'll start adding some of like the um the course um readings um and stuff like that and then as i make these videos i think i'll upload them into that as well as part of that corpus of information um and but as of right now So since there's no corpus, it's just relying on minstrel to handle my queries, and that's totally fine. So what we want to do right now is let me go ahead and I'm going to exit this. And I'm going to go back to my command line interface with GitHub Copilot. And what I want to do is we need to go into our next chunk. So chunk two, refractoring the structured data, that was kind of like modules five and six, where we're creating a separate file that can be accessed by the program. So let's see. I think one thing that would be good, actually, is let's go ahead. I want to ask it a question. How do I load saved QA conversations? conversations. If I use the list command, um, will all the saved, um, conversations load. So I'm just going to ask them how we have it, uh, ask the AI how we have it set up right now. so yeah if I just use list it will show all the pairs so it's already pulling from the file that we saved and we I can start the chat pot to demonstrate it looks like it might be doing that for me demonstrating the persistent Q&A loading anyway I just wanted to make sure we did that because that is what we were really doing in module six and so I kind of combined those in the last video, which is totally fine to combine those. This is how it's saved. Very good. So let's go back here to our next. We're going to do our next chunk. Chunk 3. Okay, so with chunk three, we're going to be making a web interface using Flask, okay? So that's what we want to do here. So the goal of this specific week is, let me just put this down, our goal to transition CLI app prototype, to transition our CLI app prototype to a web application prototype using flask okay using I'm gonna just be a little bit more specific a flask application okay so that's the goal tasks and then let's go ahead and do our numbered tasks. Well, I don't know why it started on this. We start numbering. Okay. task we want to define oops a single route for the URL let's see when the user navigates to the URL, the application must return a simple string of a simple string or HTML response. Let's see. Okay. So that's the task. Now let's, on this one's going to be a little bit different because we're doing our web interface. Now we're going like the user, user, user experience, or user, yeah, it's to experience, user experience. And this is where you are going to really customize what you want to do. So for instance, I like neutral colors, I like to know when the chat bot is thinking, let's do that in I like to know when the chatbot is thinking I want the chatbot to have a robot icon with a graduation cap on his head um i would yeah so those are some things that i'm looking for as far as the user experience is concerned i'm trying to think if there's anything else um i would like uh I would like user questions to be displayed in a blue bubble. i would like the uh ai responses in a gray bubble um okay i think that's all i'm going to put for this i mean you're going to want to probably go more in detail i've put out neutral colors um you know maybe list some examples of neutral colors to play around with these different user experiences and yeah so let's see what else okay so then we need control B files to create or how about core files to create, I should keep it the same, core files to create, um, we need a, uh, we need a web app dot py file containing the minimal flask application okay so that looks pretty good to me um the more detailed you are the better your output's going to be Okay. So let's go back here. Let's go chunk three. Okay. And I'm going to press enter. While this is building, let's go back to the answer that we gave. So it is creating the Q&A and that will persist forever until the Q&A conversations file is deleted. Okay. So that's kind of great. okay so now it's editing my requirements to as reading the requirements text and now it's editing so I had all these on here now it's adding flask 3.0 so it's going to do like a pip install to get that going but those are all things that it does automatically which is so nice okay so created templates directory created static directory permission request let's go ahead and give it permission create templates yes do that okay so now this will be going through you can see now I created the web app which is great and then we should just be able to run that web application and not the chat bot py that will be the command line the web app py is now what we will run and this will this will then and pull up the website. So now it's creating the Flask web application. So we'll just kind of wait here for that until that gets all created. And what we'll do is once that's created, I'll kind of open those up so you can see what is going on. Now with these sometimes, so now you can see that it's installing Flask, pip install Flask, that's the Python code for installing different applications. Okay, creating Flask web application. Great, now let's test the web application. So what's great about this is not only does it create it, but it will test it. And if it has issues, it kind of iterates until it fixes it. So now it's going through and testing that out. And I think while that's going, let's go ahead and take a look. So you can see here we have new files here. So here's our script for our website. And you can see it says, okay, format tags with markdown, add a message in the chat, show thinking indicator, remove thinking indicator, scroll to the bottom of the chat, handle form submission, add users. So it's all the things that I requested in my document, it's starting to build. And then here's a style for the CSS. Here's the style. So it's like, okay, this is what it's going to look like. So this is still running. And then our templates, this is where the HTML is actually built. And so this is the template for what it looks like. And you can see our little robot icon. So it didn't do a robot icon with a graduation cap on it. it just did the robot icon so i'm actually going to delete and just have the robot icon and then i'm going to save that file save all i'll just save this for right now okay so there's there's the index right that is like our main what our website's going to look like uh invalid ID session final test please supply a valid ID to read the output okay so let's see so this ran it and we're going to just go ahead and follow the link and see what happens real quick so it gives you this when it runs it it gives you this temporary hr url click on that then it should pull up right here okay there it is that's what it created for me so you know I said I like neutral colors and it kind of gave me a bluish I guess some might say that's neutral but let's go ahead hello I'm here what how do I set up a flask can Can you give me the steps? There we go, there's my user. It's in blue, theirs is in gray, and then here's the steps. Very cool, okay. So then here I could say, what is it? Save, I wonder if I can do list, or this might not work here since it's not the command line. Let's see. okay so yeah it's it's um there we go so this is just for the questions this is not actually saving um so then um and that's fine this still looks really good so i'm going to go ahead and close this out and that's working for the most part um so uh oh yeah let's let's click here let's say yes so it's creating the flask web application it worked fine I already tested it um and it pulled it up let's see anyway so while that's doing that again um I'm going to go into my web application and so this now is the app the python app that imports the html the javascript and the chatbot.py and makes it a new running system so now I run this and you can see it imports the all these different things and then it loads the environment variables load the pds the docs the mp4s and the corpus text and then we have our class chatbot manager load existing conversations initialize the chat bot okay so all these different things okay so that's really cool great so we did all of this and then I can ask some questions I can say if I am in the web app how do I save or load my conversations okay so um now it will talk about a great question currently the web application automatically saves every conversation but it doesn't have a way to view the safe conversation yet so let me add that so that would have been a great thing to um to incorporate in my document right that would have saved me a step of having to you know troubleshoot or whatever so um this is what it developed um let's see where is the flask oh this is the flask it's in right in here okay so we have um app flask chatbot corpus manages the corpus material okay um and so yeah so this is what is the next step you're going to then be creating a flask uh to be able to take your command line interface and to be able to create this little guy, okay? So that's what we have going on this week. So you're going to create this flask to turn your command line interface into a prototype of a web interface. So that's what you'll be up to this week. Yep, reach out if you have any questions. I'm just going to let this run.