•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 8: From CLI Input to Web Form
o	Overview: The challenge is to replace the command-line input() function with a web-based user interface. You will connect the data-handling logic from your persistent CLI app to a new Flask frontend.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: You must build a Flask application with a route (e.g., /add) that displays an HTML form. The form must contain input fields for all the data required for a single item in your project. When the form is submitted, it must send a POST request to a Flask route. The route handling the POST request must extract the submitted data, structure it as a dictionary, and save it to your JSON data file. After successfully saving the data, the application should redirect the user. (You are allowing someone to input information on your website, and the information is stored in your database)
o	Deliverables:
	Your updated Flask application script (web_app.py).
	A new templates folder containing at least one HTML file for your submission form.

 Okay, let's get started on the next step of our program development. So last time we created the Flask, which allows us to conceptualize a web application for this program. So what we're going to do today is we're going to solve the next problem that comes up. Okay, so in this one, we have students that are going to be dealing with this chat bot. Now, here's the question. What's going to stop anyone from just using the chat bot? Two, if someone's having a conversation and I want to be able to look at that conversation, right now, it just all looks at it as if it's like one user, where I want to be able to go in and say uh student a um was having this conversation and student b was having this conversation so i want to be able to um have some sort of login where uh students can put in their credentials and then have kind of like a customized session with the chat bot and And then I can, on the back end, go in and look at that information as the instructor. And then I can kind of see where some of my students might be struggling with some of the concepts that are being covered in the class. So we need to go from this general Flask model to now be able to allow user login for it. And so let me tell you a little bit what we're going to do. We're going to be creating an input web form, okay? So the challenge that we're looking at is replacing the command line input function with a web-based user interface. So we need to connect all the data handling logic from the command line interface app with the new Flask front end. So we have the Flask application. Now we need to add a route that's like an add route that displays an HTML form. And then that form must contain input fields for the user. And then that needs to update in our database. So there's a few things that we need to do. we need to connect a few of the different dots so the route handling we need to be able to extract submitted data we need to structure it as a dictionary we need to be able to save it as a json data and after we've done all of this then we should be able to redirect the user allowing someone to input information on the website so what your delivers deliverables are going to be is we're simply going to update our flask application and there's going to be a new template in our templates folder there's going to be a new template that we're going to be adding here okay for the input so what we need to do let's pull up and actually want to talk about this so here's the document that i've been working on over the past couple lessons with you the overview of the chat bot you might notice it looks slightly different so what happened was since the last video in this one I had a computer crash turned off unexpectedly and I lost this file so the way in which I made it again is I went to the readme document and this gives me all the information that I've done um with at every uh step of the way chunk three chunk two chunk one um the general overview so i copied this and i pasted it into a large language model and i had it recreate um recreate this okay um so uh anyway i just wanted to share that with you so let's go ahead and do chunk for and we are going to call this gathering user data okay so what we're going to be doing at this point is so I don't want to bleed too much into the next module but I think maybe we'll do kind of two-in-one on this one so the next one is actually logging in and loading your information as a user so this this one is about being able to input user information gathering user data and then the next one is about allowing users to log in so maybe we'll just cover both of those here in chunk. We'll do chunk four and chunk five, unless it starts getting too long. But let's go ahead and take a look. So gathering user data. So the goal here is And we want to, let's see, where was I, just looking at my nose. Okay, yeah, so we want to, with this, create a HTML user input form that allows the user to input information on the website. and then store that information um in the data database okay so um so yeah so let's uh let's do this so the tasks tasks that we want to do here is number one is create a, oh, I hate when I do that, there we go, create a general template HTML form that allows students to enter their information. and essentially what they're going to do when they enter their information is um enter their information this first one number two um connect the entered uh information to the uh to the conversation so we're going to enter and then for student for me we're going to connect that student information to conversation and connect that to my listing data capturing model and then On the back end, I want to log in and be able to extract the submitted data structures as a dictionary which we did earlier. Let's see and save it to my json data file it will now each conversation will now be tagged with the user input info date time stamp and any other portent information okay um let's see for files core files. We want number one HTML template for the form submission. Entered before they start their chat that makes the most sense okay so there's my let's see so there's my new chunk so let me go ahead and copy this now that I've typed that out let's go back here and here is what I want to do next I'm going to paste that and press enter so let's go ahead and see what this does for us okay so now it's creating the user info form HTML template updating the web app to handle this creating routes for the form session management and then it'll probably let us test it out so we can see what it looks like um and we're going to want to get this to work first before we go on um do you want to edit this let's go ahead and click yes create a template now let's update the web app so while this is working let's go ahead and pull this back up okay so the next thing that we're going to do chunk 5 which is going to be creating a user login experience so we'll put our goal we'll put our tasks and we'll put our core files just to get prepped for that okay so now let's just check on this and it files yes let's go ahead and do that so this should be working here it's updating the back end for user data so this q a conversations once we do all this information should update with all that so we'll test it out here in a sec so it's updating that so while that's updating let's go back here so um the goal of the next section of chunk five is we want to create a user a creating a at the word custom user login experience okay so we have a custom user login experience and the idea here is let's say that you're in my class you want to use this Q&A chat bot and you leave and then you want to come back and have all the information of your previous conversations loaded or remembered or be able to be accessible. So the goal here is to allow students to create a login that allows them to pick up from their last conversation. This would allow students to revisit previous chats and have the chat bot remember the user and, um, and elements they make it more personal. Okay, so task one, let's do task one, create a login portal for students. This will include adding their email and create a, then it will load a, okay, password. Then we'll do task number two. After a user logs in, I would like to have the the site the chat bot become personal by using their first name and greeting three there should be an area after they have logged in where they can access all their previous chats and load them back into the chat bot if necessary core files here we're probably going to need to build let's see build a new login HTML template create to probably add create a system for remembering storing volume user information okay let's see So, for this, we could use maybe, I think in the homework I put Jenga 2. Yep, I think that would be good. Yeah, I think that should be really good. We'll use Jenga 2 for that. Okay, build a new login template. let's see what are the deliverables we have for this update flask update templates folder okay so and update templates folder okay so before we go ahead and put that in we need to make sure this works okay so let's do this control click here let's see if it works oh i said it didn't work on that one okay so let's go back i can extract data to view and export so that didn't work um could be just create a new terminal and let me just run that Let's see, we didn't like that, um, back here, oh interesting, I said Flask was installed, but we did it earlier and it worked, hmm, oh, I wonder if it's because we're not in our virtual environment, that's alright, so let's, oops, let's click yes here, now it should be able to run yeah so a lot of times you'll be able to figure things out through the AI but as I noticed earlier we weren't even in our virtual environment last time that's where we built everything in and so if we're not in our virtual environment and we didn't launch that that has all the dependencies and so that's probably what the issue was but I already said yes and now it's downloading that uh let's see go to this let's try that control click like that either didn't work um i just realized we aren't in uh we haven't activated the virtual environment okay Okay, let's activate that and, okay, let me close out the chat bot here, I don't know what we did there, but let's see, hold on, activate the virtual environment, great, did that run this command save because i did some little things there okay let's see um so this is stopping and restarting and then once we get this working um we're going to be able to uh put in this next chunk okay let's give this a try okay so that's still not working for me. Let's go here and then let's try to do our, let's try to run this again. Okay, no module named Flask, we're still not in our requirements. So what I'm doing here is um i'm wondering if it's talking between like virtual environment and non-virtual environment so now i'm just downloading all the requirements that you'll find um let's see requirements there it is so these are all the things that need to be uploaded or loaded in in order for the program to work so that's what i'm loading here and it's installing all those right now so um yeah and then i think what we could do is if we have this i have a new terminal here let's see to be loading okay so i want to So let's see here. Okay, so now we're in that BNB. So now if I do Python web app.py, then I should be able to get this pulled up. okay so now it's saying it's running on these so let's see if it actually is working okay so now what we have here is our student information form please enter your first name Tyson, last name, Rizkis, student ID, 123456789, email address, tyson.riskis at uvu.edu, okay, course selection, optional, we'll say I'm in section 1, semester we'll say this is spring of 2026 chat session hello I am your AI teaching assistant okay ask me a question about your Python coding of course content great to review history this is not even my history right remember that was from whatever so um let's clear chat uh okay let's say um tell me about um create so thinking okay so then there's that um create a form template let's see what is oh so So this was, is picking up more? What is going on? Okay, so something's obviously breaking. So let's go back. Okay, so let me go ahead and, I'm gonna close this out for now. And then I'm going to, I'm going to, um okay so we're going to do let's go here um into hold on let's see got exit okay we'll do control c there we go okay so let's quit there so now let's go here to our QA conversations. Tell me about creating questions. ID six, seven section. And then there's all my information. Perfect. So that worked. There was some weird little stuff going on in it, but we'll take a look at that and address it later. Because right now it's working pretty well we just had that one weird little issue um let's see okay cool so that is that we're already at almost 30 minutes so I'm going to stop it there and then we'll go into that chunk five that we created in the next video