•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 14: Hardening for Production
o	Overview: The challenge is to prepare your application for deployment by adopting professional software engineering practices.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: The project must contain a requirements.txt file. All configuration variables must be loaded from environment variables. The project must include a
 .env.example file. The project must be runnable via a WSGI server like Gunicorn.
o	Deliverables:
Your complete, updated project folder submitted as a ZIP file, including source code,
 requirements.txt, .env.example, and an updated .gitignore.
Assignment 14 Rubric: Hardening for Production 

 Okay, what we're going to do now in this video is I'm going to combine some of the next steps, but we need to do some pre-production. So we're going to push this out to Heroku here in just a little bit, but I want to do a little bit of pre-production first. And so I don't need to do a chunk for this. We have it built, but I want to say basically this. I am ready for production but I want to go over a few things pre-production. I is a large amount of um quick start and how to files. This is good but a bit overwhelming. Could we consolidate a single chunk? How does that sound? I think that will make navigation a lot easier before I commit to GitHub and deploy to Heroku. Also, can you create a deployment document that discusses So now we're going to production harden a little bit, a little bit of pre-production. So let's go ahead and have this run, and then we will go ahead and discuss what it did for us. Okay, so here's the summary of what ended up happening. So the documentation consolidation is complete. So it reorganized the documentation to make it easier to navigate before the GitHub commit and deployment. So what it did is it removed 13 redundant files. It created four essential guides, project summary, quick guide, deployment guide, and then the readme file. So the results before, there was 13 markdown files. Afterwards, there's 19 markdown files, and they're all organized, which is a reduction of 41% fewer files. New documentation structure, you have the README, the Quick Start Guide, Project Summary, and then the Deployment Guide. It has the features, API documentation, Canvas integration, all those, quick references, configuration, your path to production, read the README overview, follow the quick start guide, follow the deployment guide, check the Canvas integration, if integrating with Canvas, and then you're ready to go. So this is really cool. I'm really happy with what this did and how that adjusted everything. So what I want to do now is I want to, I just want to make sure that there is no hard-coded sensitive data. And so I'm going to say, can you do an audit for any hard-coded sensitive data? and let's see that should be good that all applications fully refactors to load all configuration variables okay let's say also check to see if the application is fully refactored to load all config variables I think that should be pretty good also check my get ignore to make to make sure we'll have this run and then we'll see what it found or what it finds okay so this is looking really good so um here's the uh what happened um i went through and did the checklist um fallback see your key to do that as a proper secret key so your fallback won't be used okay keep it as is recommended um and then it said make it fail safe make it fail fast see pre-production security audit number nine. The recommendation is keep it. It's fine for development. It won't be used in production. So I'll just go ahead and keep that. Oh yeah, it gave me, let's see, changes made. I should go to the top, I suppose. My new app is production ready. Overall security grade. It gave me an A+. What was audited? Hard-coded sensitive data. No hard-coded secrets. So that's good. Environment and variable configuration. Everything looks go there. Git ignore review. That all looked production ready. Changes made. Fixed debug mode. Updated the git ignore. Created some security tools. Automated security checker. Audit report. Executive summary. Just some files. And this pre-deblood check which checks my security in which I ran. I'll show you that here in a second. So then it gives me a grade on all these a plus a plus all the way across the board minor note we already read that pre-deployment checklist security check verify and these not and get status when we go to when we go to push that okay so this is looking pretty good final verdict next steps do all these things run the run the pre-deploy check So I did that and here are the results. Everything looks good. So before deploying to Heroku, ensure that you set these configuration variables. Verify with Heroku config. Okay, so that all looks really good. So let me pull up what we're going to do now. So I feel good about all this. I'm going to go ahead and close this out and I'm now going to initialize repository so the folder currently open doesn't have a git repository so I want to initialize a git repository. You can see the git nor is there and I just want to make sure the environment is not going to be pushed and I'm just looking good I don't see environment because that has all my sensitive data we will that doesn't matter so we're good so let's go ahead and we're going to do commit and push and then I'll go ahead and let this run for a little bit then come back once that's all done okay so I just finished the commit and so if you go ahead and look here you will see that I have the student QA chat bot now uploaded into my GitHub repository okay so if I go here this is a public and let's see you can see everything that was put in here which is good so that is looking really really good okay so now what I am going to do is I am going to open up my where is it Heroku I have it right here all right so this is my Heroku when you're logged in this is what will pop up okay so with that being logged in I'm just going to move this over here I am going to go through the process. Okay, so we're here in the Hirofi dashboard. We're going to click on this new and then we're going to create a new app. Okay, so we are going to name the app let's see how about my AI chat bot or what is the exact name of ours student QA chat bot how about that student QA chat bot Okay, so now that we have that, we have the app name, we're going to choose United States as our region, and then we're going to go ahead and push create app. Now we're going to run this deploy, and we're going to do a deployment method, and we want to do github yep there we go so we're going to search a repo name let's see then I'm going to connect it to student QA chat bot okay now that we have selected that it's connected to our student QA chat bot turn on automatic deploys enable automatic well that would be every time I update it and get it would deploy here I think it's probably good let's enable it okay manual deploy okay so now we're going to click deploy branch now it's going to deploy and if it works then there should just be a there'll be a viewer live app that comes up. This takes a little bit so once this goes I'll come back on. Okay that is done now so it says your app was successfully deployed. Go ahead and click on view and now I should just pull up our chat. You can go from GitHub, built main, release phase, deploy to Heroku, this is still loading okay so it said an error occurred in the application and your page could not be served if your application owner check your logs for details so we want to check those exceeded you build log hey I deployed it didn't work that check your logs for detail click on that activity we did that um okay so let's go build succeeded we want to do build log so this might be our issue here so let's say if i go back here do um We'll get this posted and then there we go, we'll see what happens. Okay, so after a little bit of troubleshooting I realized what the issue was, so if you are in here on the app and you go to settings I forgot to do my config variables so I need to add these in here so your configuration variables are going to be your different keys so let me let's see here deployment guide need to get my variables configuration variables so I'm just looking to see here we are okay so I need to set up my configuration variables so let me get all of these and enter them in let me tell you which ones they are so we'll add those so we have key probably the first thing we might need our Mistral API our secret key this real API key about this one and then I'll put the value there and then I need to do my secret key. And then those are going to be the ones that I'm going to do. So let me get those added and then we'll try it again. Okay so I added those and then one thing I need to do as well is we did the database through Postgres so you need to look up Heroku Postgres here in our resources and then we want to do let's see I want to do a free tier should be want. The search and select a plan. I don't see a free tier. Where is it? Okay. Yep, we'll just do that one. Submit order form. Okay, so now it's connecting the attached database there and so this will you only pay for what you use really. All right, so we'll wait for that to load and then we'll go to the next step. Okay, so now we have this connected, our Heroku Postgres. We also did all of the, all of the, what was it, configuration variables. So now that we have that done, if I click on open app, it should work and there it is. And there's our launch app on Heroku, and that is it. Okay.