•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 3: Project Proposal and Plan
o	Overview: This is a non-coding challenge focused on software design. Your task is to produce a concise and structured specification document for the project you intend to build.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: You must produce a single markdown document that contains the following three sections:
	Section 1: Project Overview: Must include a project title and a summary paragraph explaining the application's purpose and its intended user.
	Section 2: Core Features: Must be a bulleted list defining the 3-5 essential user actions for the application.
	Section 3: Data Model: Must define the structure of a single data record in your application, specifying fields and appropriate data types.
o	Deliverables: A single file named project_plan.

 Okay, now that we finished part one of the assignment, which is where we did the AI task augmentation analyst, I'm purposely having it be a little bit abbreviated so you can kind of cater it or customize it to the way in which you want to be able to help you find a AI solution or a program you can develop using AI. You don't have to do this, but this is a great, a cool little agent that you can use and build that would help you in your current job to see how you might be able to automate or augment some of the work that you're doing. And it would also help you look and say, okay, I don't have an idea for a program, so this is what I can do. Once you decide on your idea, then you need to start building like a program plan that you can then feed into AI step-by-step from an overview to stage one, stage two, stage three, however many stages you have, all the way to launching it. And we're going to launch in this class on a site called Heroku. It's really simple. It's really inexpensive. And you can later on, you can merge to like uh, Amazon or, uh, Microsoft or Google if you want, but, um, I think using Heroku is, is fantastic. Um, so that's what we're going to do. It's just so simple. Okay. Um, so what I want to, um, look at is, um, what our next steps are. So I'm going to open up here a, um, blank Word document. Um, you can also do this in, um, Google drive or whatever you want to do, but I'm going open up a blank Word document. And from the last video, we looked at things that I can automate or augment. Let me go ahead and close this. File, blank document. There we go. Okay. And then I don't know this is so close that out um don't say okay so um here is our blank document so um as you saw earlier if the idea that i had as far as a high ai potential um was either grading assignments um, lecture transcription. And then there was like a, uh, a student chat bot. So these ones seem like some ideas that I could build a program around. Um, I think what would be really cool, I think lecture transcription, I don't know about, I'm going to do a student Q and a chat bot. So I'm going to go to a blank document and what I'm going to do here, where did my, let's see, sorry I'm just pulling up another file just to make sure I have what I need. Okay. Yeah, here we go. Okay. So what I'm going to do here is I am going to start off with a, um, I want to start off with a general overview. Okay. So we're going to do, um, AI, uh, student, queue and a chatbot. I don't know if that's one word or not, but anyway, okay. So that's going to be what our program is going to be about. And I got that from the task augmenter custom GPT that we just built. Okay. So now with this, let's get a, um, oops, let me bold that general overview. Okay. So what we want to do here is we want to give a general overview of the, um, of what we're, what we're going to be developing. Okay. So the goal is to create a, a simple, um, or we can, well we want to start off with uh so we have the general overview we're going to start off with a project vision or goals so let's say um general overview um let's see we want to do let's start with we have the product title here general overview um i'm just wondering if i want rephrase that because I want a general overview let's start with like general about this vision and goal so then we're gonna do something like this the goal of to create a student-facing chatbot for my info6200 class that discusses Python coding using AI assistance and chat. Okay, so that's like the overall goal. this program will have a user interface that allows students to ask course specific questions and get answers that come from the course readings, my lecture videos, and the course lecture videos, and any other course content. Okay. The chat bot needs to only be accessible for enrolled students and a record of their chats needs to be stored in a database. I will be, okay, that's good. Something like that. So that's the general vision and goal, all right? So now that we have that, chatbot needs, okay, So, and you can use AI to help, I guess, clean up or enhance what you've written there for the general vision and goal. So now that we have that, we want to talk about the core features. Oops, let's bold that. and this is going to be like high level user stories okay and so what this looks like let's do let's get a bullet point here we want to take a look at what it looks like as a student as a student. As a student, this is going to be just the user, or like an anonymous user, meaning it can just be anyone, right, that has access. As the student, I want to open up the bot, be greeted by my professor, professor, see a simple chat box or chat bot. see simple chat bot where I can submit specific questions about the task or and this actually won't be anonymous let's do logged logged in okay issue I am working on and and get immediate assistance okay as a professor to be the admin user I want to go to a special URL, enter my credentials, and see all the chatbot conversations. with my students to be able to adjust my curriculum based on student understanding, okay? So these are the core features of the chatbot. You want to be able to, the student have to log in and have a conversation, and I want to be able to go to the back end, okay? So I'm going to kind of abbreviate these next ones just so we're not spending, you know an hour going through all of this next we want to go through the target audience who will be using this chat bot okay the next thing we want to go through here is we want to go through the technical stack and architecture and architecture and here we want to focus on you want to focus on the back end we want to focus on the database we want to focus on the deployment and we want to focus on the front end now what this is going to look like the back end is going to be Python let's go ahead and do this again we'll just do Python and then you want to give we're gonna do like a flask we'll get to that later we want to do database um we want to do deployment with heroku oops and then um for the front end we want uh html uh and css uh i don't think we'll need javascript for that but that's kind of what our stack looks like Okay. And this is just how the program is built and what it looks like. Okay. We're going to have some non-functional requirements. non-functional requirements and this is going to be things like security usability okay and then okay great so this is the the plan you're going to fill out all of this information so by the end of it, it's going to be a couple pages long. This is going to be your overview. And then once you're done with this, this will be copy and pasted into your AI chatbot. But the problem is we don't want it to build it all at once. We want to build it in chunks, okay? So once you have this general overview, then what you need to do is, I'm gonna go ahead and do insert page break, new page. Now we're gonna do chunking the program, okay? Breaking the development into digestible chunks. So you could potentially put it all in with one prompt and get a decent output. But for this class, we are going to break it up into chunks. We're going to do chunk one, and then we're going to integrate steps as we go along. Okay, so then what you're going to do is now we're going to say, okay, chunk number one, this is what we're going to do. And so let me show you when it comes to like this course, every deliverable is going to be a new chunk. So you don't need to go through and write. You're basically going to do your general overview for this assignment. And then your chunk one, you'll probably write out when you are ready to do the first coding assignment or programming assignment for this project. So let me tell you what is going to be in part of chunk one. Actually, you know what? I'll save that for another video where we go through the first programming element of it. I'll save discussing what we're going to do with chunk one because that's the first thing we'll do. We'll write out the chunk and then we'll put that chunk into AI and get that portion developed. Anyway, so for this assignment, part two, right? Part one was determining what you want to build your program on. Part two is creating this document for your general overview. So that's what you're going to be doing for this week.