•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 12: "Members Only" - Adding User Authentication
o	Overview: The challenge is to secure your application by implementing a complete user authentication system. Your goal is to transform your single-user application into a multi-user platform where users can register, log in, and manage their own data.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: You must create a User model in your database with a hashed password field. Your primary data model must be modified to include a foreign key relationship to the User model to establish ownership. You must implement registration, login, and logout functionality using Flask sessions. All routes related to data management must be protected and accessible only to logged-in users. Users must only be able to see and modify the data that they have created. (You need to encrypt your user's data for security.)
o	Deliverables:
	Your updated Flask application script(s), including the new authentication logic.
	Your updated templates folder, including new HTML files for registration and login.

 Okay, I think this next video will be fairly quick because a lot of what we're doing here has already been done in previous chunks that we did. So I'm gonna do chunk eight, and this one is gonna be program security. And so the goal here for this one is to ensure the highest level of security for my program, including password hashing to protect users. So we have, let's see, we have a lot of this already done. So password has to protect users. Let's also say we want to make sure build functionality that validates user input and manages user sessions. and then test sessions, make sure only authenticated users can access or modify their own data. Okay, so that's kind of the goal. So let's go ahead and look at our tasks. tasks um and i'm going to do this one slightly differently because like i said some of it was already done um verify all um program security see security um make sure password hashing has been activated Make sure that the program validates user input and manages user sessions. and then lastly make sure that all users are authenticated before they can access or modify their own data. Okay, so this looks pretty good. Like I said, a lot of this stuff was already done. I'm going to say additional information here. Let me know what was added to increase I think that's fine. So let's go ahead and copy this. And I actually want to do one more thing, files to create. create let's do um a serial document security document file that shows how users data is protected okay i feel good about that so let's go ahead and copy this and then let's go into our program here and let's go ahead and paste our chunk and press enter okay and then we'll let this work okay so this is just finishing up here it's made all the majority of changes but i wanted to kind of walk through what it did um so you can kind of see so um here's the tasks that it completed Task one was verify all program security. So it did a comprehensive security audit, and it showed the results, and it said all security mechanisms verified and functioning correctly. The next was to make sure that password hashing was active. It definitely was, and it was verified. And it applied to user passwords, admin, and then it's never stored plain text and known exposure in logs or error messages. Task three was input validation and session management. So it completed this and then it made some enhancements. And let's see, so the features that it has is that server side session storage, HTTP only cookies, same site attribute, one hour session timeout. And so that's actually a new one that it added there. Task four, authenticated access, so it did this, it does this through, let's see, only data users, I think it's through the, here, verification, a user cannot access user B's data, guests cannot view history, admins require separate authentication, database queries filtered by user ID, session validation, okay. So then those are the things that it tested and verified. Now, the things that it added is an enhanced session configuration, and the benefits of this is it prevents malformed emails, so if it's like a fake email, reduces data quality issues, and prevents potential injection in TEPs. The next one is question length. It limited how long your question can be, So this would prevent you from API abuse, DOS attacks, and it improves response time. A new protected export route. So the benefits of this, only admins can export all data, prevents unauthorized data access, protects sensitive information. And then it created documentation. So documentation on the security audit, documentation on the configuration of the security setup. so that contains all this information and then we created a summary document which is what we're reading now and then here are all the files that were modified so the web app sequel program these are the changes that were made so 14 lines of code were added for security security and testing performed and it shows everything that was tested and passed and then here's the summary of that security rating is this is the overall security score that this program has and production readiness before deployment now I change secret key from default change admin password from admin 1 2 3 enable enable HTTPS automatic on Heroku. So we'll go through all of that. Recommended in the short term, implement rate limiting, see audit logging, all these different things, and then optional for long term. So these are things that we need to do to harden the program before we launch it. Compliance status, what students.developers learned, K, and then key takeaways. Cool. That looks pretty good to me. So everything should be working well. This is everything that it did. Your app is secure and ready for production with these simple changes. So to do now, change secret key, security configuration, enable or change admin password, and then enable HTTPS. So those are the things that we need to do before it is production ready. Okay, so that is that for this week. You just want to make sure that the security is all good to go for production.