•	Homework Details:
o	Title: Assignment 13: Sharing Your Data with an API
o	Overview: The challenge is to make your application's data available to other programs by building a RESTful API.
o	Technical Challenge Requirements: You must add a new API component to your existing Flask application, with endpoints grouped under a prefix like /api/v1/. You must create an endpoint that returns a JSON list of all items for the authenticated user and a dynamic endpoint that returns a single specific item. The API endpoints should be protected. If a requested item does not exist, the API should return an appropriate HTTP status code (e.g., 404 Not Found).
o	Deliverables:
	Your updated Flask application script, containing the new API routes.

 Okay, we are getting ready for production. But before we do that, I want to talk a little bit about what needed to happen. So last time before production and deployment, there are some critical things that we need to do. One was change the secret key. The other one was change the admin password from admin123. And then the last thing is enable HTTPS, which is going to automatically happen when we deploy to Heroku here in just a little bit. So what I want to do in this video is I want to show you how to do these two things and then we're going to go into chunk nine and which is creating the API for this specific program. So if you go my when I did all the security thing there's a file that was created called security configuration okay and this is basically telling me what i need to do next so step number one is i need to adjust the environment variables configuration so you never want to use the default secret key in production so your your your api code in production you want to you want to encrypt that okay so then it gives you a specific code to run to do that. Okay. And this will give you an example output. And then you're going to update that file. Okay. So that's the first thing. The next thing is that we need to update, let's see, the password. Okay. So we're going to then change the password. So that's what it currently is. And so we're going to change it from that email and that password to that email and a new password. Okay. So, um, that's what we're going to do with, with that. And then, um, now say what the password requirements are, uh, mix it up from lowercase, blah, blah, blah. Okay. so that's what we need to do and then so and what I had what I had copilot make for me is instead of having to it created for me a security setup right here security setup file so I can just run this and then when I run it I'll be able to I generated their new secret key generation admin password do both or exit so I'm going to go ahead and run it so it's going to be Python security Setup.py. Security Setup. Okay. So let's go here. We're going to go on Security Setup.py. Okay. That should work. Okay. So now it says both are required before production deployment. So generate a new secret key, change the default password. We're going to do both. Great. So here's the new secret key. I'm going to go ahead and take this, I'm going to copy it, and I'm going to paste it where it needs to go. It needs to go into my environment, update environment file, to have the new key. So I'm going to go ahead and do that real quick. Okay. So I went into my environment and I updated and I put in that secret key. So actually when I went in there, the secret key was already there because you can see it found an existing ENV file. It updated the secret key in the ENV file. It says never commit the ENV file to the Git. Secret key has been updated. So that's good. Now we need to change the admin password. Let's see, current email, here's the current password, so now I'm going to enter in a new password, 12 characters minimum. Let's see, you can see that, so I am going to just pause it, create that, and then come back. okay so I was able to go through and I was able to change the password and the environment file so that is very good so those things are done we want to make sure that if we go to a security reconfiguration. We want to make sure that, change that, we want to make sure that, or check the git ignore. So let's go to our git ignore right here. Good, we're ignoring the environment file. That's good. Okay, so this looks pretty good to me. All right, so that is done so those steps are taken care of so we should be ready for production but before we do that we are going to want to go to our program document and we're going to want to do chunk number nine so we did program security now we're going to do chunk number nine and this is going to be API okay so the goal for this specific one here is let's see we want to make our application data available to other programs by building a restful API that's the goal that we want to do. So, I want to make this application's data available to other building an API. Perhaps we're going to do a RESTful API unless you think there is a better option okay so that's what we have for our goal so let's go ahead and take a look at the tasks tasks and then let's go ahead and list these task 1 API component to endpoints grouped under a prefix. That could be like API version 1, something like that. endpoint that returns a JSON list of all items for the authenticated user, create a endpoint, single specific item. Okay, protect all endpoints. If a requested item isn't found or doesn't exist, the API should return the appropriate HTTP status code. Okay, we're gonna need files to create API files to accommodate new API. Okay, and then I'm going to do some additional information to give it some background. The additional information that I'm going to say here is my goal here is to use the API to deploy a version of this program to my course canvas shell for my students Okay, so now that I have this, I am going to copy it, and then let's go to, go to, not this one, let me go to the other one, hold on just one sec. Okay, so I'm just pasting chunk nine in here, pressing enter. here. So here's chunk nine. There's the goal. There's the tasks. Let's see. Files to create additional information. Okay. So now it's going to be building the RESTful API so that we can deploy this a little bit later. So I'll be going to pause this real quick while it works through this and then I'll be back once that's done. Okay, so this successfully loaded everything that we asked for. So right now, it's giving me a summary of everything that we did. So chunk nine, we did the RESTful API implementation is complete. Successfully built a comprehensive RESTful API for your student QA chatbot, making it ready for Canvas LMS integration. So here's the five tasks that it completed. API component with API V1 prefix. completed Flask Blueprint with proper versioning, endpoint for all items, dynamic endpoint for single item, protected endpoints, appropriate HTTP status codes, what you received, six new files created. So I have the complete RESTful API Python file. I have the API documentation, which is the full API reference guide. I have the Canvas integration guide, deployment guide, test API, automated testing script, the chunk summary, and an API quick reference. So we can look at a few of these different ones. Development, production, I'll have to update that once I get it. Let's see, I have the authentication for session-based cookies automatically include in subsequent requests, endpoints, okay, here's all the endpoints, response format, those JSON that we were looking at, HTTP codes, there's those, and then quick examples, and this would be a Python script that you could run, okay, and then canvas integration now this is iframe easiest html okay so then we'll have to go through that process here at the end but I think it is looking pretty darn good right now so let's go ahead and test it out I suppose so let's do Let's test it out. Let me type in the code, and then I'll pull it up once it is up. Okay, so I ran the program, and this is what we have. So I'm going to do something real quick. I'm going to do the... Okay, and then I need to update my password. okay and then I'm going to update that okay I think everything's looking pretty good I'm pretty happy about this let's go back to student site anyway it looks like it's working all right I can't remember my password off to find that but this is looking good so the next thing we're going to do in the next video is let's go ahead and deploy this to Heroku and I'll show you those on the next video.